Bring the changes according to the nomad-north-jupyter. (#6)
FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-north-voila: README.md

This `nomad` plugin was generated with `Cookiecutter` along with `@nomad`'s [`cookiecutter-nomad-plugin`](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/cookiecutter-nomad-plugin) template.

## Quickstart

This plugin is available in PyPI under the name `nomad-north-voila`. To install this plugin into a NOMAD Oasis, add the following to your `pyproject.toml`:

```toml
[project.optional-dependencies]
plugins = [
  "nomad-north-voila",
  ...
]
```

By adding this plugin, the `voila` NORTH tool will become available in the `NORTH` tools registry of the NOMAD Oasis.

> By including `nomad-north-voila` plugin, a `voila` Jupyter environment with specific image tag (according to the Python package version) will be available in NORTH tools, but you can also switch to a specific `nomad-north-voila` image tag or different image using `nomad.yaml` configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By including `nomad-north-voila` plugin, a `voila` container with a specific image tag (according to the Python package version) will be available in the NORTH tools, but you can also switch to a specific `nomad-north-voila` image tag or different image using the `nomad.yaml` configuration file:
```
